Docs for Fleet advanced config in ECK (#1446)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md

1. By default the manifests for {{agent}} managed by {{fleet}} have `hostNetwork:true`. In order to support multiple installations of {{agent}}s in the same node you should set `hostNetwork:false`. See this relevant [example](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/tree/main/docs/manifests/hostnetwork) as described in [{{agent}} Manifests in order to support Kube-State-Metrics Sharding](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/blob/main/docs/elastic-agent-ksm-sharding.md).
2. The volume `/usr/share/elastic-agent/state` must remain mounted in [elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/blob/main/deploy/kubernetes/elastic-agent-managed-kubernetes.yaml), otherwise custom config map provided above will be overwritten.

> 3. If {{agent}} is deployed via ECK, the configuration can by done through a Kubernetes custom resource. See [{{fleet}}-managed {{agent}} on ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-fleet.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If {{agent}} is deployed via ECK, the configuration can be done through a Kubernetes custom resource. See [{{fleet}}-managed {{agent}} on ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-fleet.md)
```

> 3. If {{agent}} is deployed via ECK, the configuration can be done through a Kubernetes custom resource. See [{{fleet}}-managed {{agent}} on ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-fleet.md)

Reviewer 2: The sentence can lead the user to think that the config itself is added in a specific CRD. Considering the CRD is the `Agent` CRD and what you probably mean is that the provider config can be added directly in the `spec.config` of the object, I would suggest the following:

```suggestion
3. If {{agent}} is deployed through ECK, you can define the provider configuration in the `spec.config` field of the Kubernetes custom resource. Refer [{{fleet}}-managed {{agent}} on ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-fleet.md) for details.
```
